Both
Added final images for the "Connect" section. (Thanks Kyle!)
Improved the quality of the top CCV Logo (Thanks Kyle!)
Increased the max number of user notes, and changed the warning verbage when hitting the limit.
Fixed a crash when running the app if the Note Database had a syntax error.
Fixed an issue preventing users that were not logged in from submitting prayer requests.
Fixed an issue where a user logging in with no profile picture will use the last logged in user's profile picture.
Fixed an issue causing long Prayer Names or Categories to truncate.
Improved the UI when toggling an anonymous prayer request
Changing your campus will once again update the News immediately
Updated address input to capitalize streets, cities and states.

iOS
Added final iPad splash screens (Thanks Kyle!)
Fixed an issue causing your place in Notes to be lost when changing device orientation. (Thanks Emily!)
Fixed an issue causing a "pop" in the Series Details page when the Series Image finished downloading while on the page.
Fixed an issue allowing prayer requests with no category to be submitted.
Fixed an issue preventing the user from going back to fix invalid prayer requests.  
Fixed an issue causing the Facebook login page to appear to load endlessly.
Fixed an issue causing the keyboard to remain up after tapping "Register" in the registration page.
Fixed an issue causing the Cell Phone field in Registration to appear red when it shouldn't.
On the Login page, the User Name field will no longer automatically capitalize input.
The "Loading..." image is no longer shown for non-existent news items on iPad.
Fixed an issue causing the Login username & password to remain red when leaving and returning to the Login page.

Android
Fixed some splash images.
Fixed an issue causing the "Double tap to create notes" tutorial to display multiple times in the same session.
The app will now respect the user's orientation lock preference.
Fixed an issue causing certain prayer requests to not display the person's name.
Fixed an issue causing the OOBE to be messed up displaying on a device in landscape mode.
Fixed an issue allowing the Facebook button to be tapped while trying to Login.
Fixed an issue causing the top of the Registration Result page to not be visible.
Fixed an issue allowing the keyboard to appear on the Registraton Result page.
Fixed an issue causing Prayer Names to not show up in landscape.